README.md, before:

### Tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/imavladmay/frontend-project-46/workflows/hexlet-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/imavladmay/frontend-project-46/actions) [![Actions Status](https://github.com/imavladmay/frontend-project-46/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/imavladmay/frontend-project-46/actions/workflows/tests.yml)
### CodeClimate Maintainability and Test Coverage badges
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/84ce7d9cb958e6b15982/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/imavladmay/frontend-project-46/maintainability) [![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/84ce7d9cb958e6b15982/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/imavladmay/frontend-project-46/test_coverage)

### Установка утилиты на ваш компьютер
1. Запустите терминал и склонируйте репозиторий в вашу домашнюю директорию
```git clone git@github.com:imavladmay/frontend-project-46.git```
2. Зайдите в склонированный репозиторий ```cd frontend-project-46.git```
3. Выполните команду ```make install```
4. Выполните команду ```make link```

*После этого, можете смело использовать утилиту в командной строке*

#### Возможности утилиты:
- Поддержка ввода файлов в json и yaml форматах 
- Генерация отчета в 3-х возможных стилях на выбор (plain, stylish, json)

### Установка и вызов справочной информации

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/gx87F5G9Gg17RNeN8NFcVDvyu.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/gx87F5G9Gg17RNeN8NFcVDvyu)

### Сравнение файлов и вывод результата в стиле plain
 
 [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/2dDi5tr1u7nFLPiucEripq0u6.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/2dDi5tr1u7nFLPiucEripq0u6)
 
### Сравнение файлов и вывод результата в стиле stylish
 
 [![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/gX7rtY4ZMHnIIishP3xYw21Yu.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/gX7rtY4ZMHnIIishP3xYw21Yu)
 
### Сравнение файлов и вывод результата в стиле json

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/E8YqWTlMiAJi0zLCbvEksYQ0J.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/E8YqWTlMiAJi0zLCbvEksYQ0J)

Commit message:

Change the project description language

README.md, after:

### Tests and linter status:
[![Actions Status](https://github.com/imavladmay/frontend-project-46/workflows/hexlet-check/badge.svg)](https://github.com/imavladmay/frontend-project-46/actions) [![Actions Status](https://github.com/imavladmay/frontend-project-46/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/imavladmay/frontend-project-46/actions/workflows/tests.yml)
### CodeClimate Maintainability and Test Coverage badges
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/0bcaed960e9184ec0c09/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/imavladmay/Difference-calculator/maintainability) [![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/0bcaed960e9184ec0c09/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/imavladmay/Difference-calculator/test_coverage)

### Installing the utility on your computer
1. Launch the terminal and clone the repository into your home directory
```git clone git@github.com:imavladmay/Difference-calculator.git```
2. Go to the cloned repository ```cd Difference-calculator```
3. Run the command ```make install```
4. Run the command ```make link```

*After that you can safely use the utility at the command line*

#### Utility capability:
- Support for input files in json and yaml formats 
- Report generation in 3 possible styles to choose from (plain, stylish, json)

### Installing and recalling help information

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/38ozOWsnlwgtuHgjCR0S2NPze.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/38ozOWsnlwgtuHgjCR0S2NPze)

### File comparison and plain style output

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/GxAGPDPirvms7FJAeJym2Z8UN.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/GxAGPDPirvms7FJAeJym2Z8UN)
 
### File comparison and stylish style output

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/07He8KynNbAlR4JkYYTtBxcP6.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/07He8KynNbAlR4JkYYTtBxcP6)
 
### File comparison and json style output

[![asciicast](https://asciinema.org/a/BxIDgs1FyQShka6cxsrqWKUHH.svg)](https://asciinema.org/a/BxIDgs1FyQShka6cxsrqWKUHH)
